we 're going to continue with the remainder of her quadrants which is quadrant no . 4 , and this is the section right here . i 'm going to use a little bit of water . it 's very important that you keep the hair moist , because the hair stretches . so , what we 're going to do with this section is we 're going to do the exact same thing that we did with quadrant no . 1 , okay . i 'm going to place shelly facing me , i 'm going to take my first subsection , brush her hair down , comb it down , bring it straight up and the section that i 'm going to use as a guide , will be the one from quadrant no . 1. bring it straight up . remember from where it grows , this is not going forward , this is not going backward , this is going straight up . and cut to my previous guide . you see that right there ? if you ca n't find your subsection , if you can not find the previous guide , all you have to do is bring the hair that you are about to cut back and you will find that the previous guide is right there , and that is your guide for this subsection . cut to that , right there . section no . 3 , straight up , same manner and cut to the previous guide . this is my last section for quadrant no . 4. i want you to see how this is perfectly coming from , straight from where the hair grows . see my comb right there , align to the subsection ? that is how it needs to be . okay . you do n't want to bring it backwards , you do n't want to bring it forward . you bring it straight out . if you need to use your comb to measure that , place it right there and cut to the previous guide . that 's it , the layers are done .
so we 've determined that we 're a little bit sharp and it 's due to the thickness of the string . so we want to make that adjustment . we wanted this , the harmonic to match that . the adjustment is made usually through the end of the bridge and test it . still sharp , still sharp . i have shifted it , too much . we 'll go back the other way . it 'll go a little flat . almost , a little bit more , maybe another half a turn . boy , that 's about as close as we 're going to be able to get it . saying a little sharp , a little flat , now it 's a little flat . keep making adjustments until the two , until the two work together . this just requires patience . oh , so close . there we go . that 's what we want . do that with all six strings and your guitar will be properly set up .
the next thing we 're going to do is we 're going to level out our tracks . we 're going to put it where it should be and try to level out the drums somewhere . what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to try my kick and just try to even it out a little bit more . maybe turn on my snare a little bit too , and maybe change the high hat just a little bit . then i 'll be going like that , now once you have these all set just make sure that they 're all going out to the same thing . you could also do things like pan them out right here , mute and solo and highlight any tracks . you can also arrange the outputs as well and output them to different sources .
on behalf of expert village , my name is karen locasale and i am here to tell you about crafting with gourds . so there is our pilot hole and this will allow you to either put a craft knife in here or in my case i am going to use a jig saw . so , once you get it cut the way you like it , you can also use sand paper to take off those rough edges and you know change your design or whatever it is you are going to do . if you like it the way it is , perfect . i did n't mention before hand but this particular bowl , i had a large crack down the side of it so i just when with below the crack . so instead of the bowl being this large , it 's now going to be a little bit shallower but you know , you work with what you have got and mistakes sometimes are a good thing .
hi ! i am mark middlebrook and i am here in the paul marcus wines wine cellar . and , in this segment i am going to talk about cava , the sparkling wine of spain . cava is a catalan word , word from catalonia and it simply means cave or where you store and age the wine . but , it is also a legal term in spanish wine and it refers to a sparkling wine made in a particular style somewhere in spain . the vast majority of cava is made in catalonia in northeastern spain near barcelona . the central area is called penedes . but , it is possible to make , legally make cava in other regions in catalonia and other parts of spain . cava is made principally from xarello , parellada , macabeo , and sometimes chardonnay . four grape varieties that grow principally in , again , catalonia . and , it is made in the same way as champagne pretty much , with that secondary fermentation in the bottle . one big distinction is that cava tends to cost a lot less than champagne . in part because it is usually less complex , less elegant . but , for all that , immensely satisfying . you can get good cavas for under twenty bucks , well under twenty bucks these days . this one is pereventura 's cava brut nature , which is a great bargain and one that i enjoy a lot . and then , this is a special vintage cava from a producer called d'abbatis . i pretty much always have a bottle or two of cava in my refrigerator for when friends drop by and i pretty much recommend that you do the same .
okay in this portion we 're going to be getting our focus on the diagonal drill on the back court player . so i want you to watch how gary and myself , when we hit a boast how we move into the ball , or how if we hit a straight drive we move into the ball . and sometimes it 's hard to tell and that 's when you get good deception because the key to squash , if i go into the corner and show boast and can hit a straight drive , i might have really put him in a tough position or win the point . so we 're going to focus on the back court . so watch and see how we do here . so he pushed me all the way to the back wall , but now i can hit a straight drive and move him into the corner . now i can put him into the corner again . so gary turned the tables on me with a really good boast . good deep shot . now i turn the tables on him and i just did a front court boast , but he recovered and he recovered pretty nicely and he won that rally . so see if i can get a little revenge on him . so i take the volley and i can speed up the pace on it , but he puts me deep , i have no choice but to boast . alright , so i ended the point on a drop which was n't in the drill . but that 's the diagonal game focusing on the front court and the back court players and i hope you learned something front that .
hi , this is yolanda vanveen from vanveenbulbs.com . in this segment we 're going to talk about , when is the best time to water orchids . books will tell you to water them in the morning , because that way they wo n't be sitting in water all evening and not drying out , so that they have all day to soak up the water . you do n't want to water them in the heat of the day , because then they can get burned , because the water sits on the leaves . but these are indoors , so they seem to handle water pretty much anytime of the day . and whenever i get a chance to water them , is the best time to water them . so this plant- and the easy way to tell when is the best time , or when they need to be watered , is when they 're really dry . this one is still really wet , i 'm sticking my finger in it , and it 's still wet . and the good way to tell is , if i put this upside down , and there 's no water coming out , but it 's still really wet , then i know that this one is doing really well , and it does n't need any water at this point , so it 's fine , i do n't need to water that right now . but this orchid feels really light , it 's really , really light , and i can feel it is just bone dry , there 's a little moss in there and it is so dry , and the leaves itself too , you can tell they have n't had water in a while . so my rule of thumb is , once a week water your orchids in the heat of the summer , and in the winter , sometimes i go once a month and i do n't water them at all . so when i water them too , a key that i found is not to use cold water , make sure and use lukewarm water , closest to the outside temperature and the inside of your house temperature , so you do n't want it too hot or too cold , more lukewarm . and i try to wash off all the leaves too , because they get dust on them , and this way if you wash the leaves off , they can get air back into the leaf , because the dust covers them up , and it clogs up all their pores , just like our skin , it clogs it up , so you want to wash all of that off . and i really run the water through it , because you want all the salt to run back out that 's gathered , and the chlorine and all the other different contaminants that buildup , so i really try to soak , and soak , and soak my orchids . and what i do too , since this one is so dry , is that i would just leave it for maybe 10 , 15 minutes with the water in it , it does n't have a hole on the bottom , so the water is not going out , it 's soaking inside . so that can be dangerous , because you do n't want that sitting in water all the time , so you want to make sure that there 's no standing water . so what i would probably actually let this sit for 10 , 15 minutes , so it can really soak up the water , and once it 's pretty much soaked up too , i just pour all the loose water out , because you never want water sitting in it , so make sure that you always take all the extra water out . another good thing you can do for your orchids , is to actually wipe off the leaves . if you leave the water on the leaves , they kind of dry out and they make spots , but if you wipe it off , it 's just like cleaning your face , you 're wiping off all the impurities that can clog up the pores of the plant . so you want to actually wipe off your leaves here and there too . i do n't go to this trouble every time i water , but at least once a month , i try really cleanup my orchids . and they seem to do really well that way . and when you have orchids in bloom too , i would n't put water right on the blooms , because i always trash them , i might mist them a little bit , or stick them in the bathroom with me when i take a shower , they love the moisture . so the best time to water your orchids is when you think about it , we all lead very busy lives , and so , when they 're kind of droopy , they 're letting you know when they need water , and i water them really well . but the key is to let them dry out again , never let them sit in water , because you can kill them with taking care of them , much more than neglect .
joel siegel : okay . so we 've done eighth notes on one and three , and then one and three . what we 're going to do next is we 're going to do -- we 're going to keep that quarter note on one in the kick drum and we 're going to put an eighth note instead of after beat three , like that first one we did in this eighth note series , we 're going to put it before beat three , which means it 's going to be on the upbeat of two , okay ? so i 'll count and play at the same time , just the kick drum . it 's going to sound like : one , two , three , four , one , two and three , four . all right ? so if you think about this , think about what 's lining up and where the things are in relation to each other . with the hi-hat , you 're going to have those eighth notes lining up , okay ? so you have one , two , three , four , one , two , three , four . and go ahead and -- i want you to think about , too , what 's happening -- the interplay between the snare and the kick drum , 'cause this is going to feel a little different than maybe what we 've done so far . it 's going to feel like one , two and three , right ? so the snare kind of falls right into the bass drum , okay ? so it sounds like this : one , two and three , four , one , two and three , four . all right ? this is the idea . we 'll go ahead and put all that altogether in this next clip .
so , this is how to dress punk , which is a little bit of an oxymoron . punk is more of a lifestyle or an attitude and it 's really all about rebellion and going against mainstream society or against the mainstream of what 's going on . so , the idea of telling somebody how be a punk , sort of goes against the entire idea of being a punk . that being said , there are certain elements to punk fashion that have been consistent and that we can certainly look at here and talk a little bit about what they mean . so , in this series we 're going to talk about punk accessories , hairstyle , makeup and several different veins of punk clothing . and , we 're only going to really touch on mainstream punk , there are other subsets of punk fashion . in general , like i said , it 's more of an attitude or a lifestyle , and so if you 're looking to incorporate elements of that into your lifestyle it 's really great . but , it should be warned that deciding suddenly to dress like a punk without adopting any of the lifestyle or really understanding what goes on behind it , would sort of be out of the ordinary . and so , we 're going to take a look at that , and here is how to dress punk .
in this clip we 're going to do the last two movements and we 're going to continuously do them . i will still encourage you to pay attention to my feet and my arms . and we 're going to go , five , six , seven , and out . and you keep going , make sure you move with those hands back , you place them . now next movement . and make sure those hands go up , and pam pam pam and back and back ; and back and back . and next movement .