hi everybody i 'm john graden from the martial arts teacher 's association and johngraden.com . one of the questions i have been asked through the years how do you choose a martial art ? it really varies it depends on what your goal is . are you trying to get in better shape , do you want to learn self defense , do you want to compete or are you just interested in the mental benefits of the martial arts offer you , mental benefits such as self confidence , self discipline , self control , respect , so there is a lot of variables . in my mind when people say what style is best , what style should i do the only style that is really important is the teaching style of the instructor . so how do you choose a good martial arts ? it is really more about choosing a good martial arts instructor , it 's about choosing a good martial arts school , so when you are going to make the decision make sure first you know what your goal is . if you really want a strong self defense oriented system you want to be working with an instructor who may have a police background a law enforcement background , some practical application in street self defense . if you are just looking to become a martial artist or a good black belt here is the key . you want to go and visit and watch the students , watch the beginner students and study in particular the teaching style of the instructor . how does that instructor interact with the students , how does that instructor conduct a class ? then go look at the advanced students . we want to make sure that they 're impressive , we want to make sure that they 're in shape , we want to make sure there is lots of them . what does that mean if there is lots of advanced students ? that means the school has a high retention . that means that it is a good school or she is a good instructor and she is able to keep her students for a long time . when you have a school that has lots of brown and black belts and they are impressive then you know you have an instructor that has a curriculum designed to keep students in the school so the teaching style is the most important style of any martial art . there are a variety of different styles , tai kwon do , kempo , kung fu , karate , i 'm not that interested in the style , i 'm interested in the teacher , making sure that teacher can help me or you to reach your goals . i 'm john graden for the martial arts teacher 's association . thanks . tune in for more martial arts excitement . thanks .
hi ! this is shana bethune on behalf of expert village and i am going to talk about using loops . loops makes everything easier . let 's say you have a part that repeats throughout your song . you can save a lot of time by recording the part once and then looping it . that way you do n't have to worry about messing 3 minutes into the song and starting over . the downside to loops is they tend to lack expression . this is n't always the case though and loops are fantastic for percussive parts . if you get a good loop , you will never have to worry about someone being offered them . base lines and rhythm guitar parts that do n't change , also work well for loops . to make a loop record the part several times and choose a tape that sounds good . either copy and paste it or drag it depending on your software . playback the loop and see if the transitions work . sometimes even good tapes have bad transitions . if the transitions do n't work , just record the part again . sooner or later you are going to get it right . loops can also be used to double normal parts . that way the final sound is both solid and expressive and you can also make loops from other recordings . there are really countless ways to use loops . all you have to do is be creative .
this is robert stewart with hill13.com . we 've talked about angles and how they 're used effectively on the field . before we get to some other issues regarding teamwork and the functions of all the members of the team , we have to talk about the heart and soul of an effective team and that is good communications . now when it comes to verbal codes , they 're critical especially in fast play because they let you know the overall condition of your team , the perceived condition of the opposing team , locations of special elements within the game and what is , what is actually occurring at that moment in the , in the , in the field in play . there 's also junk codes which can be used to throw off or deceive your opposing force . but if you do n't practice good communication skills you 're never going to get the kind of response and the , and the kind of wins that you want to see . when a team is actively taking in information on an individual level and transmitting that information to their teammates , the team grows stronger and smarter and more able to achieve its objective .
my name is shawn connolly . i 'm from san francisco , california , and i 'm a sponsored skateboarder . i also run a program called the sf skate club , skateboarding program for youth . i 'm here to explain how to do a straight heelflip . now , when you 're first learning any flip trick , it takes a lot of patience and a lot of testing out different foot placements , figuring out what is going to make your trick work . now , with that in mind , what you 're going to do , is start out with your foot on the tip of the corner , of the back of the tail . now , your front foot is going to be in the front of the board , hanging your toe off just slightly , and that 's where the term heelflip comes from , because most of your front foot , is the heel part of the board . now , once you pop the tail , this is going to keep the board nice and even , by having your toe here , and your heel here . it 's going to stop it from doing any shoveting . it 's going to go directly over , and then you 're going to catch it , and roll away . now , this trick can be taken into lots of different variations . you could end up doing a fakie heelflip . you could learn how to do it rolling backwards . you could also do a heelflip shove-it , which is where the board does a heelflip , and travels around , and this is how you do heelflip on a skateboard . my name is shawn connolly . i 'm from san francisco , california , and i 'm sponsored , and run a program called sf skate club , for youth . you can find out more about that , at sfskateclub.com .